you
Peggy 12
welcome to the new the settler seven
close up today we will be dealing with
individualization in the game and we
will talk a little bit about these
social networking features but first
let's talk about the points map Forge
and Castle Forge which bring lots of
replay value to the game what exactly do
these two key words mean map Forge is
one of the great new features in seller
7 we think is going to have a lot of
impact on the satisfaction people get
from playing because the game will never
be the same it can never be the same in
separate playings we have the maps
generated by our content designers
originally but you can adjust the style
and play of the game you can take the
victory points and change it more or
less more or less victory points you can
turn into a king of the hill game you
can adjust the resources you can adjust
the event locations there's a lot of
customization you can do to a map and
play it many times over again the same
basic map but make it different every
time we think that oh that's can be a
great feature the second new feature is
the castle Forge which is sort of like
an online avatar that you carry with you
from game to game you can put on the web
and let people see what your castle
looks like so every time you complete a
game successfully you get to change your
castle you start with a very basic empty
castle and you get to modify it and make
it look if suit your personality your
style is it flashy is it more
mean-looking or is it sweet looking
whatever you can have your own to style
and that mat that castle goes with you
from game to game as you play so people
may get the recognize your castle it's
it's just a way to sort of personalize
your experience playing seller 7 so you
see the new the settler 7 brings lots of
opportunities to customize the gaming
experience and with that make playing
the game even more fun another
interesting feature is social networking
here the player has the opportunity to
communicate with their friends or with
other players what should we expect
exactly when the game is over
social network features are driven by
play of the game that can be something
that the player does himself like set a
new record for the single-player
campaign when that happens it'll be
broadcast out to his friends social
networking features are also driven by
the community the global community
around the world so if the be the
leaderboard changes there's a new king
int Andrea that would be broadcast all
is out as well the idea here is that
community is driving the social
networking panel the play of the game is
going to be reporting information
sending it out to the community so
that's the end of this installment of
the settlor seven close up but no need
to fret because that means the game's
release is coming closer and closer soon
you will be able to start a new chapter
in the series with the settlor seven for
your pc